Update mast-fish.md (#69)
Virtual-Viking-Longship/Ship-Annotations: annotations/mast-fish.md

**_mast fish_** (English); _mastefisk_ (Danish); _Mastfisch_ (German)

_**klofi** m., pl. klofar_ (Old Norse) [citations: [prose](https://onp.ku.dk/onp/onp.php?o44117)/[poetry](https://lexiconpoeticum.org/m.php?p=lemma&i=45381)]

>   A piece of wood that was placed on the keelson (ON _kerling_) to keep the mast upright and absorb stress while the ship was under sail. The mast fish was typically ten feet long and faced aft to help while the mast (ON _siglutré_, _sigla_) was raised (National Geographic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A large mass of wood that was placed on the keelson (ON _kerling_) to keep the mast upright and absorb stress while the ship was under sail. 
```

<div align="center">
  

>   ![mast fish from Gokstad ship](../images/Kerling_00_Gokstad.png)  

Reviewer: Good call reusing this image!

  Mast fish from the Gokstad ship (Nicolaysen Pl. I, Fig. 4). The mast fish sits above the keelson.

</div>
 

> This feature is named for its fish-like shape, though it is sometimes also called the mast support or mast-partner (Nicolaysen).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mast fish was typically ten feet long and faced aft to help while the mast (ON _siglutré_, _sigla_) was raised (National Geographic). This feature is named for its fish-like shape, though it is sometimes also called the mast support or mast-partner (Nicolaysen). 
```

Reviewer: Moving this detail below the image to accord with other annotations

---

  Nicolaysen, N. (1882). Langskibet fra Gokstad ved Sandefjord. Kristiania.

>   Paasche, Knut. "The Tune Viking Ship Reconsidered." _International Journal of Nautical Archaeology_ 49, no. 1 (2020): 29-48. https://doi.org/10.1111/1095-9270.12391.

Reviewer: This and the Unger are not cited here. Are they needed?

Author: I had kept these from the previous version of this annotation, but you're right--they aren't cited anywhere. I'll delete them.
